hey folks great here for a while
with guitars in with Laurence Juber
and me you know what I remember the
first time I heard you play was I was an
8th grader to start to play guitar that
rocked with Kampuchea without time I got
back to the egg and I love that record
so you're an egghead I am indeed
it starts off with a little but it's
stolen
I was actually a demo
that's a yeah babies request was a demo
for the Mills Brothers Paul had seen
them in the South of France it's there
I'm gonna write my song don't think we
demo'd and he sent it to them I said
well how much you gonna pay us to record
it and they said nothing we'll do it
ourselves I actually put out our demo on
the record well I'll tell you what you
played your butt off on those records
and you've been playing your butt off
ever since now you know obviously with
the Wildwood connection they did a
limited run Martin okay yeah no this one
but a variation on it and then and
what's different about it from well that
was tell'em okay this one's Madagascar
rosewood I'm you know this is kind of I
like the way to pick up sounds on this
and it's been beaten up a bit though I
don't worry so much about it
and then I can cross international
borders without fear of arrest
speaking of crossing international ports
how did you transfer your acoustic
guitars hither and yon you take it on
board with you you were wrong yeah I
typically take it on board sometimes I
have to sweet-talk them but I'll take it
on board but you know I always carry a
gig bag that I can check I have to
ensure that's always honest you never
know oh no it's it's a total crapshoot I
worry more about customs drew
yeah because that could be evil you know
and I had a bad experience with customs
going into Japan in January of 1980 all
indeed I recalled sin events and at that
point I was carrying a 1957 Les Paul
Goldtop and so the customs guy came in
the room with a screwdriver appointed to
the guitar and I had to take like all
the panels in the truss rod copper off
just to show that it wasn't like this
stuff
contraband
that's scary
scary is standing in line and seeing a
customs guy fall out of
so what's going on with you this year
what do y'all got what y'all up to
professionally speaking plan a book
coming out top in the spring is called
Katella with weights and it's all my
unpublished pictures from back to the
egg from the sessions and some Rockets
true stuff my brother took pictures
from one of the Wembley concerts on the
79 UK tour
but it's also kind of my background how
I got into music now I got into studio
work and I discovered all kinds of
things while I was researching it albums
I didn't know I played on the hold on
one shelves Aznavour record I played
over was number one in front for 48
weeks I know
I found the old my Wikipedia page
it's going to ask you as a kid when I
would watch that rock for Kampuchea they
can do and
they're in rock pile and
I was imagined like the speed mystic
bacchanal going on backstage I was
pretty normal
yeah respek chaotic but we weren't all
there the same night because it was a
serious accountant and you know
backstage is never what you think
backstage is under those circumstances I
leave it back and now it really was on
stage that's Pete Townsend was more than
a little drummer and I'm playing let it
be the solo and beats kind of like
breathing brandy fumes you know it was
it was an amazing the whole thing was an
amazing experience
and then I'd you know like once I came
to LA I got into studio work and then I
gradually started doing the acoustic
thing right now I'm gradually getting
back into playing electric for the SD
here or no I haven't I got from from
Wildwood
I won't even tell you how much I paid
for it it's a sixties tribute Les Paul
Studio on that black with p90 pickups it
plays better than any of my vintage
kitchen
I haven't you know I have a 3.3 35 I'm
57 built up at the the SG that I used
with wings 57 strap plays better than
anything
and it's like less money than I played
paid for any because it's not a Marty
right
well cool thanks so much for taking some
time out to talk with us a pleasure
meeting you my friend get to see me take
care yourself but God for Wildwood
vision adios